Add docs about translation handling (#6405)
woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks: docs/translations/translation-management.md

> # Translation management

Reviewer: Do we need to have this within our repo? I struggle to see what value it brings to developers/contributors?

Author: I've added it, so that people can see how to contribute to translations. WordPress.org states: 

> [...] The initial language pack for the plugin will be generated when 90% of the [Stable (latest release)](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/woo-gutenberg-products-block/stable/de/default/) sub-project strings have been translated [...].

Currently, only 11 locals have a translation status of >= 90%. I do agree, that this might not look relevant for developers. That said, we also have a design section, which is less relevant for developers, but it is relevant for designers. Similar to the design section, I believe that the `# Translation management` section is useful for `Translation Contributors`.

Reviewer: I see, so something like this document?

https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/wiki/Translating-WooCommerce

Author: > I see, so something like this document?

Yes. That's what I had in mind, just with a bit more context and concrete steps on our end. I also noticed that the information on https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce/wiki/Translating-WooCommerce is outdated and the link to the glossary and the style guides are not working.

As mentioned in [Translation basics](docs/translations/translation-basics.md), all translations are managed using [GlotPress](https://wordpress.org/plugins/glotpress/). The translations of the WooCommerce Blocks plugin can be found on https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/woo-gutenberg-products-block/.

## Roles

### Translation Contributors

> A Translation Contributors can suggest translations. These suggested translations need to be verified by a GTE or a PTE.

Reviewer 2: Maybe write the full definition of GTE and PTE to begin with in case people are not familiar with the acronym. I know you define it below but I think it should be written in full first, what do you think?

Author: I've added a TOC at the top of the page, that allows the reader to jump directly to the corresponding section. I also changed `GTE` to `General Translation Editor (GTE)` and `PTE` to `Project Translation Editor (PTE)` in the first section.

See also https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/handbook/about/roles-and-capabilities/#translation-contributor.

### Project Translation Editor (PTE)

A Project Translation Editor can:

-   approve translations that are suggested by a Translation Contributor
-   change existing translations
-   add new translations.

> PTE permissions need to be requested via https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/. I've you're a developer of teh WooCOmmerce Blocks plugin, you can request PTE permissions using the following template:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PTE permissions need to be requested via https://make.wordpress.org/polyglots/. If you're a developer of the WooCommerce Blocks plugin, you can request PTE permissions using the following template:
```
